{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1343\cocoasubrtf140
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red28\green28\blue26;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl364

\f0\fs26 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 We are a digital signage company that installs all sorts of digital signage systems.\
We are looking to provide a tool to our customers to help them design their own LCD screen layout. \
\
The job is for programming and designing the front end only, we will be taking care of linking it in with some back end services.\
\
This is how we imagine the the front end to be layer out. \
http://www.aerissolutions.com.au/downloads/muse_saas.png\
\
The project calls for a drag and drop interface, we are hoping to achieve this in a simple minimalist design that is easy to use and smooth in the browser.\
\
We need to keep the costs of this project down, and any suggestions to do so would be highly appreciated.\
For a start we are happy to only support IE9+ and the latest releases of Safari, Chrome and Firefox. \
\
\
The purpose of the application is to be able to choose from a select list of LCD screens and drag these into a "canvas" to allow users to arrange in any way they like. This is basically a tool for users to be able to decide how they would like their screens to be layer out on the wall.\
\
\
After dragging the screen in from the list it will appear as a simple rectangle to represent the screen. Within the rectangle there will be another rectangle that shows the actual screen area (without bezel).\
Users will be able to add multiple screens to the canvas and arrange via drag and drop the way they like. \
The display will be to-scale and different size screens will appear accordingly. \
\
In one area of the page there will be x,y coordinates as well as angle. The user will be able to adjust the position of a selected screen in by adjusting these values as well.\
There is no requirement to be able to adjust the angle by using the mouse but the screen angle needs to be adjustable using the text field. \
The library of screens will be provided dynamically by the server side (by us), we can do this via a json format, xml, list or however you like. Information provided by the server will be-\
\
-Screen ID\
-Screen make\
-Screen model\
-Width (mm)\
-Height (mm)\
-Bezel-top (mm)\
-Bezel-bottom (mm)\
-Bezel-left (mm)\
-Bezel-right (mm)\
When the user hits the save button this will submit the data about the screens in the canvas via post. \
\
This data should have these fields for each screen\
-Screen instance ID (sequential id for each screen added)\
\
-Screen ID (from data provided)\
-X Pos (mm) (from top left corner of screen)\
-Y Pos (mm) (from top left corner of screen)\
-X Pos Inner (from top left corner of inner rectangle)\
-Y Pos inner (from top left corner of inner rectangle)\
-Angle.\
This same data will be provided (by us) in some instances so that certain screens appear on screen when loaded, this is so that users can edit an existing layout. \
\
\
The x,y coordinates need to be relative to a dynamic point. What I mean by this is that they should be calculated from the left most point in the canvas- with a margin perhaps of 200mm. \
Therefor if someone added something to to the left of the leftmost object the x,y coordinates should change for the rest because the left most point of the canvas has changed as there is a new screen.\
\
There needs to be the option for users to zoom in or out, as some layouts will be small, perhaps just 3-4 screens where some projects may be very very large, including hundreds of screens in the canvas. }